I hope I can win for once.
Especially since I owe it to Nagatoro,
for helping me practice.
Kawaguchi Yamashita Nagatoro    Urao   Orihara Minami Kawashima Hidaka Kawata Ueda Moriguchi
It's in the past, anyway.
DON'T TOY WITH ME,
MISS NAGATORO
That Is, If You Win at Least Once, Senpai.
Full point!
Wow...
That was a really clean throw.
Judo Dojo
Judo Tournament Female Bracket
Begin!
All right!
H-Hey...
Um...
Hold it!
Warning!
I could have finished you
if you were a guy...
Congrats on winning the first round.
Thanks.
You looked pretty good out there.
You're in good condition today, huh?
Whatever.
Kimura Kawaguchi Yamashita Nagatoro Urao Orihara Minami Kawashima Hidaka
I hope I can win the first round, at least.
My hair's a mess.
I'm tired.
Hey.
Heya.
You're awful fired up today, Nao-kun.
You had dead fish eyes last year.
D-Did I?
I don't think I'm that different.
No, you're turning into
one of the popular kids.
Traitor.
I'm not!
I'm just getting used to it
since this is my second time.
Ooh, Orihara from Class B is joining.
Wow.
The girls are gonna have a rough time.
For real?
Is that even fair?
She's a candidate to
represent Japan, isn't she?
Also, my first round is against her.
My condolences.
Don't give up!
Begin!
Here we go!
I don't think I'm going to win anyway.
Maybe I should forfeit.
Huh? Really?
Kidding!
Not done yet!
Full point!
Good job.
Nice fight.
Man...
She's really nimble.
She's gotten even stronger than before.
You've fought her before, Gamo-chan?
No, I haven't.
I'm just guessing from what I've seen.
You don't need to give me a report.
It's not my problem.
Don't say that.
You're up against her next, Hayacchi.
Now's your chance to redeem yourself!
Go win!
Get 'er!
I'm not into that stuffy stuff.
You're so boring.
All so fleeting.
But don't you want to impress Paisen?
What?! Senpai's got nothing to do with this!
Bean sprouts like Paisen
like strong girls, you know.
I told you, he has nothing to do with it!
Hayacchi!
Hey.
H-Hey.
I haven't fought you in forever.
Y-Yeah, I guess.
I hope it turns out to be a really good bout!
You're not gonna beat me!
Bye!
Stare...
What a pain.
Maybe I should forfeit.
Where are you going?
Where?
Taking a break!
What?
Senpai.
W-Well, I...
Sh-She seems pretty strong.
She wasn't before.
Before?
It's none of your business.
Y-You're right.
Not that you'd be interested to hear...
Y-Yeah?
But I've been doing judo since I was a kid.
I had a knack for it, so I won a
few tournaments and stuff, too.
I was in the same dojo she was.
She didn't really have raw talent for it,
and I'd always beat her.
But she'd always get so upset when she lost.
Every time we fought,
she got better and better.
And after so many fights...
It wasn't even close.
She destroyed me.
To be honest, I didn't feel
like I could win anymore.
When I thought about beating me
every time going forward,
I lost interest.
And then I ended up quitting judo.
Meanwhile, she's a candidate
to represent Japan.
We're in totally different worlds now.
Well, since I know I'm going to lose,
I'm just gonna go get it over with.
That doesn't sound like you, Nagatoro.
What?
Who gave you the right
to talk like you know me?
No.
You don't know if you're going to
win or not until you try.
Were you even listening to me?
She could be representing Japan.
I don't even stand a chance.
You're strong, too!
You're plenty strong, too!
Sh-Shoot!
That came off condescending.
Senpai...
That was pretty condescending.
N-Nah, I'm just saying what I meant.
I'll do my best, then.
That is, if you win at least once, Senpai.
Huh?
Th-There's no way...
Oh?
I thought you don't know until you try.
Oh, right.
If you do manage to win one...
I'll give you a kiss.
Y-You don't need to go there!
You don't have confidence, do you?
Confidence?
Well... No, I don't.
But I've practiced with Nagatoro, too.
I'm sure I could get one win.
Begin!
What a pain...
Ooh...
He has a nice body.
Paisen's done.
The end.
Go!
Don't die, Nao-kun.
I might be screwed.
All right, time to get this over with!
Quit running!
He's down.
Nao-kun...
Half point!
Wasn't that a full point?!
That was half-assed.
He sucks.
So he just threw him with brute force?
Also, why don't you cheer for Paisen?
Huh? Why should I?
Begin!
He's throwing him with brute force again!
I can't watch.
Never give up!
Sasai, just pin him down already!
Okay!
Paisen, escape!
Run away!
I have no interest in hugging a dude, but...
He's so strong...
Pin-down.
Two guys in an embrace!
He's done for sure this time.
Final end.
Who gave you the right
to talk like you know me?
She's right.
I have the right.
I gave myself the right to decide
I don't want Nagatoro to look like that!
There are a few ways to break a scarf hold.
First, push them forward.
Or break it the opposite way.
As you can see, you can always
break free from a weak pin like yours.
He's just holding me down
with sheer strength.
Compared to Nagatoro...
He's as light as a feather!
He broke free!
Wow!
Not bad!
Revenge!
Are you serious?
Hold him down! Now!
You got this, Paisen!
Go for it!
Get off me!
He's definitely strong.
Way stronger than I am.
And I have to keep this up forever?
I can't go on any longer.
Senpai! Hang in there!
Nagatoro!
Get your leg free!
Stop!
Ran out of time.
He loses?
He almost had a pin-down.
Wait, I thought you weren't
going to cheer for him.
Winner by referee discretion: Sasai.
I screwed up.
Yo.
You're pretty good.
Er, uh, thanks.
I lost.
All good.
Nah, you did good!
You've grown a ton.
I'm proud of you.
Who do you think you are?
Looks like she's finally feeling it.
Do it!
Wreck 'em!
I'm going.
Yeah.
Nagatoro of Class C.
Orihara of Class B.
Bow.
Begin!
Damn!
They're nothing like the others.
Holy!
Nagatoro...
Man, Orihara's something else.
She's not a candidate for
representing Japan for nothing.
Here I go!
She dodged it!
Knee wheel!
And then an inner-thigh throw!
Half point!
That was close.
That combo's killer.
That wasn't a full point, though.
She barely saved it by twisting her body.
That wasn't a full point?
So close!
She's almost there.
I wish I could have seen
Orihara score a full point.
Stay calm!
Go, go!
Let's go, Nagatoro!
Nagatoro...
Begin!
Orihara!
Full point! Full point!
Come on, it's like she's on the away team.
Nagatoro!
Go for it!
Huh?
Ew, is that her boyfriend?
Go! Nagatoro!
Nagatoro!
Full point!
Aw...
I thought I had that one,
but I was out of bounds and
ended up losing by the ref's decision.
I can't believe I'm in the same boat as you.
S-Sorry you're in my boat.
That was a shame, though.
To be honest, I...
Winner by referee's discretion: Orihara.
I'm winning next time.
I'm super pissed, so I'm
getting her back next time.
Y-Yeah?
Senpai.
If I beat her next time,
will you reward me with a kiss?
A kiss...
Wh-Wh-What are you...
A k-kiss?!
H-Here you go again, messing with me!
I'm not messing.
Points of improvement for today!
That was close today, Senpai.
That wasn't an ideal opponent.
You broke his pin, though.
You were way heavier, though.
Like I said...
The pin is based on my technique!
Skills! Abilities!
S-Stop...